charts/rbac/README.md, before:

# RBAC Resources

Chart to deploy user and group [RBAC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/) resources

### Installing and Upgrading a release

You may need to create these namespaces:
```
kubectl create ns airflow
kubectl create ns apps-prod
```
Now install the chart:
```
helm upgrade rbac-chart charts/rbac --install
```

## Configuration

| Parameter  | Description      | Default |
| ---------- | ---------------  | ------- |
| `team`     | Github team name as it appears in github |   ""  |
| `namespace` | Kubernetes namespace for namespaced scoped resources i.e. `Role`, `Rolebinding` | "" |
| `description` | Short description of RBAC resources use | "" |


## Contributing

- Add your `rbac` resources under the `./templates` directory keeping related resources in the same file where possible
- Optionally add a hash/map using the configuration parameters above to `values.yaml`. See [Example](#example)
- Append details of the resources you added to the [Configured Resources](#configured-resources) table below

Configured Resources
--------------
| Name/Team       | Type            | github org              | Description               |
| --------------- | --------------- | ----------              | -----------               |
| App-Support     | `Group`         | moj-analytical-services | Shiny application support |
| Cluster-Admins  | `Group`         | moj-analytical-services | Kubernetes Cluster Admins |
| Airflow_support | `Group`         | moj-analytical-services | Airflow job support       |
| generic-support | `Group`         | moj-analytical-services | Read-only access to non-sensitive resources in all namespaces |
| kubelet-api     | `User`          | ""                      | Binding for builtin account|


#### Example

Add the `superdevs` github team values to be used by you template

```
teams:
  superDevs:
    name: superdevs
    namespace: default
    description: Only the best developers can join this team
```

Commit message:

rbac: Improved install command in README and fixed value key typo
- added `--namespace` param to install/upgrade command so that
  if the user is on a different namespace they'll not accidentally
  install the helm chart in the wrong namespace
- added `--dry-run` flag, so that users will need to check helm
  output before actually installing the helm chart
- fixed typo in `appSupport` value: `desciprtion` => `description`

charts/rbac/README.md, after:

# RBAC Resources

Chart to deploy user and group [RBAC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/) resources

### Installing and Upgrading a release

You may need to create these namespaces:
```
kubectl create ns airflow
kubectl create ns apps-prod
```
Now install the chart:
```
helm upgrade --dry-run --debug --install --namespace default rbac-chart charts/rbac
```

**NOTE**: Double-check output and remove `--dry-run` flag to install the chart for real.


## Configuration

| Parameter  | Description      | Default |
| ---------- | ---------------  | ------- |
| `team`     | Github team name as it appears in github |   ""  |
| `namespace` | Kubernetes namespace for namespaced scoped resources i.e. `Role`, `Rolebinding` | "" |
| `description` | Short description of RBAC resources use | "" |


## Contributing

- Add your `rbac` resources under the `./templates` directory keeping related resources in the same file where possible
- Optionally add a hash/map using the configuration parameters above to `values.yaml`. See [Example](#example)
- Append details of the resources you added to the [Configured Resources](#configured-resources) table below

Configured Resources
--------------
| Name/Team       | Type            | github org              | Description               |
| --------------- | --------------- | ----------              | -----------               |
| App-Support     | `Group`         | moj-analytical-services | Shiny application support |
| Cluster-Admins  | `Group`         | moj-analytical-services | Kubernetes Cluster Admins |
| Airflow_support | `Group`         | moj-analytical-services | Airflow job support       |
| generic-support | `Group`         | moj-analytical-services | Read-only access to non-sensitive resources in all namespaces |
| kubelet-api     | `User`          | ""                      | Binding for builtin account|


#### Example

Add the `superdevs` github team values to be used by you template

```
teams:
  superDevs:
    name: superdevs
    namespace: default
    description: Only the best developers can join this team
```
