charts/jupyter-lab/README.md, before:

# Jupyter-Lab Helm Chart


## Installing the Chart

To install an jupyter instance for the user specified in the Username variable (Github username):

```bash
$ helm install charts/jupyter-lab -f chart-env-config/ENV/jupyter.yml --set aws.iamRole=ENV_user_USERNAME --set Username=USERNAME --namespace user-USERNAME --name=USERNAME-jupyter
```

The instance will be available at <https://USERNAME-jupyter-lab.tools.ENV.mojanalytics.xyz>.

**NOTE**: Change the environment config file to deploy in a different environment
          (the URL will change accordingly)


## Upgrading the Chart

To upgrade a user jupyter chart:
```bash
$ helm upgrade USERNAME-jupyter charts/jupyter-lab -f chart-env-config/ENV/jupyter.yml --set Username=USERNAME
```


## Configuration

### Auth0 application

In Auth0 you need to create an Application:

1. Login to https://manage.auth0.com/ and select the tenant for your environment
2. In the side-bar click "Applications"
3. Click "Create Application"
      * Name: Jupyter Lab
      * Application Type: Regular Web Applications
4. Click "Save"
5. Click "Connections" tab
6. Switch OFF "Database" and "Google"
7. Click "Settings"
      * Allowed Callback URLs: `http://localhost:3000/callback, https://*-jupyter-lab.tools.$env.$domain/callback`
      (replace the $variables)
8. Click "Save changes"

Record the Client ID and Client Secret values - you'll use them in the configuration below.

### jupyter.yml

Listing only the required params here. See `analytics-platform-helm-charts/charts/jupyter-lab/values.yaml` for more
details.

| Parameter  | Description     | Default |
| ---------- | --------------- | ------- |
| `authProxy.auth0.clientId` | Auth0 'Jupyter Lab' application's client ID | `""`    |
| `authProxy.auth0.clientSecret` | Auth0 'Jupyter Lab' application's client secret | `""`    |
| `authProxy.auth0.domain` | Auth0 tenant domain e.g. `dev-analytics-moj.eu.auth0.com` | `""`    |
| `authProxy.cookieSecret` | Random UUID `$ uuidgen` | `""` |

Commit message:

rstudio/jupter: Improved/fixed READMEs
- missed the `--namespace` flag in the RStudio installation/upgrade
  command
- jupyter: only have the `helm upgrage --install` command as that works
  the same way when chart is already installed or not
- jupyter: also added `-dry-run` flag to give the user the opportunity
  to review changes before installing/upgrading release for real

charts/jupyter-lab/README.md, after:

# Jupyter-Lab Helm Chart


## Installing/upgrading the Chart

To install/upgrade an jupyter instance for the user specified in the Username
variable (Github username):

```bash
$ helm upgrade --dry-run --debug --install USERNAME-jupyter charts/jupyter-lab --namespace user-USERNAME --set Username=USERNAME --set aws.iamRole=ENV_user_USERNAME -f chart-env-config/ENV/jupyter.yml
```

The instance will be available at <https://USERNAME-jupyter-lab.tools.ENV.mojanalytics.xyz>.

**NOTE**: Change the environment config file to deploy in a different environment
          (the URL will change accordingly)

**NOTE**: Remove the `--dry-run` option to install/upgrade for real.


## Configuration

### Auth0 application

In Auth0 you need to create an Application:

1. Login to https://manage.auth0.com/ and select the tenant for your environment
2. In the side-bar click "Applications"
3. Click "Create Application"
      * Name: Jupyter Lab
      * Application Type: Regular Web Applications
4. Click "Save"
5. Click "Connections" tab
6. Switch OFF "Database" and "Google"
7. Click "Settings"
      * Allowed Callback URLs: `http://localhost:3000/callback, https://*-jupyter-lab.tools.$env.$domain/callback`
      (replace the $variables)
8. Click "Save changes"

Record the Client ID and Client Secret values - you'll use them in the configuration below.

### jupyter.yml

Listing only the required params here. See `analytics-platform-helm-charts/charts/jupyter-lab/values.yaml` for more
details.

| Parameter  | Description     | Default |
| ---------- | --------------- | ------- |
| `authProxy.auth0.clientId` | Auth0 'Jupyter Lab' application's client ID | `""`    |
| `authProxy.auth0.clientSecret` | Auth0 'Jupyter Lab' application's client secret | `""`    |
| `authProxy.auth0.domain` | Auth0 tenant domain e.g. `dev-analytics-moj.eu.auth0.com` | `""`    |
| `authProxy.cookieSecret` | Random UUID `$ uuidgen` | `""` |
